What we're gonna do is we're
gonna create a checkbox input for
the different status codes that we
find represented in our data set.
And once we've done that,
we're going to hook it up to our plot,
and only display data
from responses that came
back with those status codes,
if that makes sense.
So first of all,
let's create a checkbox input.
And in the cell below this next to do,
we have kinda the scaffolding for this.
We're gonna give it an array
of possible values, and
then we're going to give it some options,
like for example,
if we wanna give it a label like
status code, something like that.
And to help you out,
what I've done here in this statusCodes
array is pull out all of the different
statusCodes observed in our
particular little chunk of the logs here.
So you can use this statusCodes array
to help get this checkbox going.
So use the colors example
as a starting point and
see if you can get the checkboxes for
the different status codes working,
so that you can capture those values
in this selectedCodes variable.